Campus life - Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD) Academic calendar Alumni Faculty Partner with SUTD Resources Design·AI Education Design·AI Education STUDY Undergraduate Graduate Continuing education (SUTD Academy) 42 Singapore MORE Library Accreditation Cyber-Physical Learning Alliance Undergraduate courses PILLARS, CLUSTERS & PROGRAMMES ASD Architecture and Sustainable Design DAI Design and Artificial Intelligence EPD Engineering Product Development ESD Engineering Systems and Design HASS Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences ISTD Information Systems Technology and Design SMT Science, Mathematics and Technology Design·AI Research Design·AI Research OVERVIEW Research news Research centres Research programmes and fellowship RESEARCH ADMINISTRATION Research integrity Institutional Review Board (IRB) MORE Faculty Library Design·AI Innovation Design·AI Innovation INNOVATION ECOSYSTEM Future of Innovation Educational technology Fabrication lab INNOVATION SHOWCASE Book of Innovations INNOVATION FOR COMMUNITY STEAMunity Design Innovation (Consultancy & Training) INNOVATION IN EDUCATION daVinci@SUTD Experience STEAMxD Immersion Programme Digital Learning Capability Centre (DLCC) Design·AI Enterprise Design·AI Enterprise PARTNERING CORPORATES Research collaborations Technology licensing Translational Research Lab (DesignZ) SUPPORTING ENTREPRENEURS Venture and incubation experience Admissions Admissions PROGRAMMES Undergraduate Graduate Continuing Education (SUTD Academy) 42 Singapore Campus life Campus life STUDENT EXPERIENCE UxOP Student life Global experience and exchange Career development Student well-being CAMPUS Academic facilities Housing Sports and recreation centre F&B and services Library About About OVERVIEW Design·AI At a glance Diversity and inclusion Sustainability PEOPLE Leadership Board of Trustees President Emeritus Professorships Faculty MORE Thought leadership News and happenings Pressroom and publications Careers at SUTD Partnering with SUTD On this page Popular searches quick links Campus Life Discover more to life at SUTD than academics! Explore our campus designed for interaction and collaboration, and join our supportive community of fellow students, staff, and faculty. Student experience A deep dive into our student life Find out what makes university life vibrant—from student organisations and co-curricular activities, to student awards and part-time work opportunities—as you balance academics, passion and leisure. Learn more Global experience and exchange The world is a classroom, and we offer various overseas opportunities for our students to embark on new adventures. We also welcome students from our partner institutions to SUTD and Singapore. Learn more Career development At SUTD, we maintain a robust network connecting our students, potential employers, and alumni through various platforms and programmes. We believe in starting career preparation early, by offering workshops and internships to help our students succeed. Learn more Undergraduate Opportunities Programme (UxOP) At SUTD, we offer programmes that take our students beyond the classroom, providing them with opportunities to gain new, valuable experiences and skills. See all Undergraduate Teaching Opportunities Programme (UTOP) UTOP gives students opportunities to impart and share, with fellow peers, the knowledge they’ve learned over their course of study in SUTD. Undergraduate Research Opportunities Programme (UROP) UROP inspires greater learning and curiosity among our undergraduates, by engaging faculty and students with innovative, cutting-edge research projects. At SUTD, you can start working on research projects right from day one. Undergraduate Practice Opportunities Programme (UPOP) UPOP prepares our undergraduates to be career-ready, through practical and hands-on sessions held by career advisors and professional consultants. housing Living on campus We offer a wide range of on-campus accommodation for students, staff and visitors alike. Conveniently located on the SUTD campus, our housing blocks are just a stone’s throw away from the University’s many amenities. Learn more Freshmore (Terms 1 – 2) Undergraduates Graduates Non-graduating students Staff Visitors Off-campus alternatives Freshmore (Terms 1 – 2) Undergraduates Graduates Non-graduating students Staff Visitors Off-campus alternatives Freshmore (Terms 1 – 2) Integrated into the Freshmore experience, residential living complements cohort-based learning, fostering community, ownership, and lasting friendships. See details and application info Undergraduates Undergraduates looking to stay at the University’s student housing blocks after Term 2 should submit their applications online, during the main housing application exercise held each February. See details and application info Graduates Graduate students and students moving on to Term 9 who wish to stay at the University’s student housing blocks should submit an online application during the housing application exercise, held each July. An additional housing exercise may be held in November for students who wish to stay from the January term, subject to vacancies. See details and application info Non-graduating students Incoming exchange students are welcome to apply for student housing during designated housing application exercises. Applications may be considered on a first-come, first-served basis. See details and application info Staff Staff housing options range from one- to four-bedroom apartments, to single rooms within a shared apartment—all within walking distance to the Sports and Recreation Centre, as well as our academic and administrative buildings. See details and application info Visitors SUTD offers housing to visitors on official business at the University. Visitors who are keen to stay on campus are advised to submit their housing application at least two weeks prior to their arrival. Vacancies are subject to availability. See details and application info Off-campus alternatives Explore off-campus alternatives for housing. This list is provided for your convenience—the University does not endorse nor profit from any private housing operators, nor does it guarantee the accuracy of the listed information. See details and application info Campus facilities Explore our campus There’s always something to do at SUTD. Discover our many available services for learning, recreation or delicious bites. Academic facilities Browse our specialised academic and research laboratories and studios, including the state-of-the-art FabLab, along with various facilities for you to study and collaborate. Sports and recreation centre We have a wide range of facilities available for booking, catering to the diverse interests and needs of members and non-members of the SUTD community. F&B and services Check out our dining options, retail spots and other services, or find out more about leasing and rental of our spaces. Wellbeing services Emotional and mental health is the key to uncovering the best possible version of yourself. We aim to provide services and resources that help our students prioritise their wellbeing, and get the support they need. Learn more Student counselling We offer free, professional counselling for students—along with talks, workshops, and training to promote mental health awareness among our community. Self-help resources Get access free self-help and psychoeducational material, or discover other community resources available. Protocol Our Wellbeing Services abide by professional counselling codes of conduct and ethics, to ensure a safe and secure environment for your needs. Find out more about our guidelines and parameters that guide our counsellors' approach. Please note that SUTD’s counselling services are not available to alumni and members of the general public. Check out our FAQs to find out more. We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By selecting “I agree”, you consent to our use of cookies. I agree I decline