Research centres - Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD) Academic calendar Alumni Faculty Partner with SUTD Resources Design·AI Education Design·AI Education STUDY Undergraduate Graduate Continuing education (SUTD Academy) 42 Singapore MORE Library Accreditation Cyber-Physical Learning Alliance Undergraduate courses PILLARS, CLUSTERS & PROGRAMMES ASD Architecture and Sustainable Design DAI Design and Artificial Intelligence EPD Engineering Product Development ESD Engineering Systems and Design HASS Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences ISTD Information Systems Technology and Design SMT Science, Mathematics and Technology Design·AI Research Design·AI Research OVERVIEW Research news Research centres Research programmes and fellowship RESEARCH ADMINISTRATION Research integrity Institutional Review Board (IRB) MORE Faculty Library Design·AI Innovation Design·AI Innovation INNOVATION ECOSYSTEM Future of Innovation Educational technology Fabrication lab INNOVATION SHOWCASE Book of Innovations INNOVATION FOR COMMUNITY STEAMunity Design Innovation (Consultancy & Training) INNOVATION IN EDUCATION daVinci@SUTD Experience STEAMxD Immersion Programme Digital Learning Capability Centre (DLCC) Design·AI Enterprise Design·AI Enterprise PARTNERING CORPORATES Research collaborations Technology licensing Translational Research Lab (DesignZ) SUPPORTING ENTREPRENEURS Venture and incubation experience Admissions Admissions PROGRAMMES Undergraduate Graduate Continuing Education (SUTD Academy) 42 Singapore Campus life Campus life STUDENT EXPERIENCE UxOP Student life Global experience and exchange Career development Student well-being CAMPUS Academic facilities Housing Sports and recreation centre F&B and services Library About About OVERVIEW Design·AI At a glance Diversity and inclusion Sustainability PEOPLE Leadership Board of Trustees President Emeritus Professorships Faculty MORE Thought leadership News and happenings Pressroom and publications Careers at SUTD Partnering with SUTD On this page Popular searches quick links Design·AI Research Research centres Design·AI Research Research centres SUTD is home to many research centres for the sciences, engineering and several more disciplines, all equipped with cutting-edge technologies to deliver every new breakthrough from brilliant minds into reality. Find out more Explore our research spaces Delve deeper into each of our facilities, operated in partnership with various industry leaders to make our campus the lively research hub that it is today. AI Mega Centre Using AI and data science, the AI Mega Centre works with industries to develop beneficial programmes for SUTD faculty, students and alumni alike. iTrust iTrust applies its understanding of cyber threats to cyber-physical systems (CPS) and develop translatable technologies to mitigate such threats. Aviation Studies Institute (ASI) A world-class aviation policy research centre, addressing the needs of aviation stakeholders and Air Traffic Management policymakers in the Asia-Pacific. Lee Kuan Yew Centre for Innovative Cities (LKYCIC) A research institute that seeks to research critical issues of cities and urbanisation, and integrate technology, design and policy to provide urban solutions. Centre for Healthcare Education, Entrepreneurship and Research @ SUTD (CHEERS) CHEERS welcomes students interested in the healthcare industry, as a hub for all healthcare-related education, entrepreneurship and research. National Additive Manufacturing Innovation Cluster (NAMIC) @ SUTD Established to generate economic outcome, by accelerating technology translation from public sector R&D performers into new products & services. DesignZ Within SUTD, DesignZ aims to nurture design talents with all-rounded capabilities in engineering, architecture, innovation, entrepreneurship and more. SUTD Wireless Innovation Centre (SWIC) Dedicated to lead and achieve research breakthroughs, in order to further the limits of wireless communications. Digital Manufacturing and Design Centre (DManD) Established to carry out cutting-edge research, and create new frontiers for digital design and manufacturing. Temasek Laboratories (TL @ SUTD) Conducting cutting-edge R&D for defence and security application, while building up technical and human talent capabilities in critical research areas. Future Communications R&D Programme Supporting AI and cybersecurity research for next-gen communications, testbeds and scholarships for those who wish to research communications and connectivity. AI Mega Centre Using AI and data science, the AI Mega Centre works with industries to develop beneficial programmes for SUTD faculty, students and alumni alike. Aviation Studies Institute (ASI) A world-class aviation policy research centre, addressing the needs of aviation stakeholders and Air Traffic Management policymakers in the Asia-Pacific. Centre for Healthcare Education, Entrepreneurship and Research @ SUTD (CHEERS) CHEERS welcomes students interested in the healthcare industry, as a hub for all healthcare-related education, entrepreneurship and research. DesignZ Within SUTD, DesignZ aims to nurture design talents with all-rounded capabilities in engineering, architecture, innovation, entrepreneurship and more. Digital Manufacturing and Design Centre (DManD) Established to carry out cutting-edge research, and create new frontiers for digital design and manufacturing. Future Communications R&D Programme Supporting AI and cybersecurity research for next-gen communications, testbeds and scholarships for those who wish to research communications and connectivity. iTrust iTrust applies its understanding of cyber threats to cyber-physical systems (CPS) and develop translatable technologies to mitigate such threats. Lee Kuan Yew Centre for Innovative Cities (LKYCIC) A research institute that seeks to research critical issues of cities and urbanisation, and integrate technology, design and policy to provide urban solutions. National Additive Manufacturing Innovation Cluster (NAMIC) @ SUTD Established to generate economic outcome, by accelerating technology translation from public sector R&D performers into new products & services. SUTD Wireless Innovation Centre (SWIC) Dedicated to lead and achieve research breakthroughs, in order to further the limits of wireless communications. Temasek Laboratories (TL @ SUTD) Conducting cutting-edge R&D for defence and security application, while building up technical and human talent capabilities in critical research areas. We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By selecting “I agree”, you consent to our use of cookies. I agree I decline