Undergraduate admissions - Singapore University of Technology and Design (SUTD) Academic calendar Alumni Faculty Partner with SUTD Resources Design·AI Education Design·AI Education STUDY Undergraduate Graduate Continuing education (SUTD Academy) 42 Singapore MORE Library Accreditation Cyber-Physical Learning Alliance Undergraduate courses PILLARS, CLUSTERS & PROGRAMMES ASD Architecture and Sustainable Design DAI Design and Artificial Intelligence EPD Engineering Product Development ESD Engineering Systems and Design HASS Humanities, Arts and Social Sciences ISTD Information Systems Technology and Design SMT Science, Mathematics and Technology Design·AI Research Design·AI Research OVERVIEW Research news Research centres Research programmes and fellowship RESEARCH ADMINISTRATION Research integrity Institutional Review Board (IRB) MORE Faculty Library Design·AI Innovation Design·AI Innovation INNOVATION ECOSYSTEM Future of Innovation Educational technology Fabrication lab INNOVATION SHOWCASE Book of Innovations INNOVATION FOR COMMUNITY STEAMunity Design Innovation (Consultancy & Training) INNOVATION IN EDUCATION daVinci@SUTD Experience STEAMxD Immersion Programme Digital Learning Capability Centre (DLCC) Design·AI Enterprise Design·AI Enterprise PARTNERING CORPORATES Research collaborations Technology licensing Translational Research Lab (DesignZ) SUPPORTING ENTREPRENEURS Venture and incubation experience Admissions Admissions PROGRAMMES Undergraduate Graduate Continuing Education (SUTD Academy) 42 Singapore Campus life Campus life STUDENT EXPERIENCE UxOP Student life Global experience and exchange Career development Student well-being CAMPUS Academic facilities Housing Sports and recreation centre F&B and services Library About About OVERVIEW Design·AI At a glance Diversity and inclusion Sustainability PEOPLE Leadership Board of Trustees President Emeritus Professorships Faculty MORE Thought leadership News and happenings Pressroom and publications Careers at SUTD Partnering with SUTD On this page Popular searches quick links 2026 admissions application window Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level qualification: from the day of release of A-Level results to 19 March 2026 All other qualifications: 2 January to 2 March 2026 Admissions Undergraduate admissions Admissions Undergraduate Admissions Join SUTD's vibrant, hands-on and innovative community where you can realise your fullest potential! Qualification type Qualification type Local International Qualification level Qualification level Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level Local Diploma NUS High School Diploma International Baccalaureate Diploma (Singapore) Qualification level Qualification level A-Level Certifications (International) Australian Qualifications India Standard 12 Indonesia Ijazah SMA Indonesian Ujian Nasional (UN) International Baccalaureate Diploma (International) Malaysia Unified Examination Certificate (UEC) Myanmar Matriculation Examination (MME) Philippines High School Certificate PRC National College Entrance Exam (NCEE) Sijil Tinggi Persekolahan Malaysia (STPM) Thailand Certificate of Secondary Education (Mathayom 6) US High School Diploma Vietnam High School Graduation Examination Other International Qualifications Find out more 6 February 2026 SUTD Open House 2026 Design and Artificial Intelligence (Supercharged) The future of design—where creativity meets computation and social insight drives innovation. Digital Open House Experience the World of Design·AI Why we teach AI as a mindset, not just a tool What's new For AY2026 onwards Undergraduate curriculum Revamped Freshmore curriculum AI will be systematically woven into all three terms of the first-year curriculum, providing students with comprehensive training in Design·AI skills. New pathways for students from all streams If you're interested in domains such as Economics, Business, Finance, Psychology, Philosophy, and Human–AI Interaction, the supercharged Design and Artificial Intelligence degree programme is for you! What is Design·AI at SUTD? The AI future that used to be called Science Fiction, is Here. Is Now. At SUTD, we aren't preparing for this new world – we’re already living it. Just what is Design·AI? Find out more. Application How to apply Application guide Applying to SUTD is as easy as 1-2-3. Just follow this step-by-step guide. Appeal If you would like to file an appeal, here's how. Admission requirements For local applicants or applicants with international qualifications, here's what you will need to get started. Discover more about SUTD before you join us through the daVinci@SUTD Experience and various immersion programmes tailored for schools. Finances Invest in your education Every deserving student should have access to an SUTD education. We strive to make it affordable for all our students. Education expenses Here’s how much it’ll cost to get an education at SUTD. Financial options and aid Explore the financing schemes including busaries, grants and loans to support your undergraduate studies. Scholarships and awards Explore available scholarships and awards, both SUTD-administered and externally supported, which can help fund your studies. Transiting into SUTD Begin life @ SUTD Early matriculation Join the SUTD community before your cohort and start enjoying the benefits of being an SUTD student. Integrated Learning Programme (ILP) We offer a bridging programme that reviews basic mathematical and science concepts to get you ready for your Freshmore terms. What's next Find out more Frequently asked questions If my tuition fees are fully covered by a scholarship, can I apply for living allowance only under the Study Loan (SL)? Yes, you may apply for a living allowance under the SL if your scholarship does not provide any allowance. Do Tuition Fee Loan (TFL) and Study Loan (SL) cover Compulsory Miscellaneous Fees (CMF) and hostel fees? TFL and SL do not cover CMF and hostel fees. However, students may consider applying for a living allowance under the SL which can provide up to S$3,600 per year. Do Tuition Fee Loan (TFL) and Study Loan (SL) cover full tuition fees for Singapore Permanent Residents (SPR) and International Students (IS)? No. TFL and SL will not cover the tuition fees of SPR and IS in full as the loan amount is capped at the subsidised tuition fees for Singapore Citizens (SC). How can I apply for the CPF Education Loan Scheme (CPFELS)? Singapore Citizen and Singapore Permanent Resident: Application is to be made via CPF Board portal . You will need to access the portal with your SingPass. International Student: Email scholarships_financialaid@sutd.edu.sg for the Application for Use of CPF Savings under the Education Loan Scheme form (FORM AES/F1). Please refer to the CPF Education Loan Scheme webpage for the application window. Students will also be notified via email. Those who are already on the scheme do not have to re-apply. More information is available at CPF Board portal . For enquiries, please contact the CPF Call Centre at 1800-227-1188 or email education@cpf.gov.sg . What should I do if my Guarantor(s) and I are not in Singapore? Please refer to the following links for more information: Tuition Fee Loan (TFL): TFL webpage and TFL Application Guide Study Loan (SL): SL webpage and SL Application Procedures Can’t find what you need? View all FAQs Ask Admissions Submit an enquiry or schedule a call with our Admissions team. Contact Admissions Take a virtual tour Step through your screen and into SUTD, with immersive 360° views of our campus. Take the tour We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By selecting “I agree”, you consent to our use of cookies. I agree I decline